
# Reference


## Api

<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [BpkDynamicStyleSheet][1]
-   [isBpkDynamicValue][2]
    -   [Parameters][3]
-   [useBpkAppearance][4]
-   [unpackBpkDynamicValue][5]
    -   [Parameters][6]
    -   [Examples][7]
-   [useBpkColorScheme][8]
-   [BpkAppearanceConsumer][9]
    -   [Parameters][10]
    -   [Examples][11]
-   [withBpkAppearance][12]
    -   [Parameters][13]
    -   [Examples][14]
-   [useBpkDynamicValue][15]
    -   [Parameters][16]
    -   [Examples][17]
-   [unpackBpkDynamicStyle][18]
    -   [Parameters][19]
    -   [Examples][20]
-   [useBpkDynamicStyle][21]
    -   [Parameters][22]
    -   [Examples][23]
-   [useBpkDynamicStyleSheet][24]
    -   [Parameters][25]
    -   [Examples][26]
-   [create][27]
    -   [Parameters][28]
    -   [Examples][29]

## BpkDynamicStyleSheet

## isBpkDynamicValue

Check if a value is a `BpkDynamicValue`

### Parameters

-   `value` **mixed** the value to be checked

Returns **[boolean][30]** true if is a `BpkDynamicValue` or false otherwise

## useBpkAppearance

Fetch the current appearance as provided by the nearest [BpkAppearanceProvider]

Returns **BpkAppearancePreferences** the current appearance

## unpackBpkDynamicValue

Takes in a `BpkDynamicValue` and returns the correct value for provided appearance.

### Parameters

-   `value` **mixed** a dynamic value.
-   `appearance` **[Object][31]** the appearance preferences.

### Examples

```javascript
const color = unpackBpkDynamicValue({ light: 'black', dark: 'white' }, bpkAppearance)
```

Returns **mixed** the value for the current color scheme.
                 If `value` is not a valid dynamic value it will be returned back

## useBpkColorScheme

Fetch the current color scheme as provided by the nearest [BpkAppearanceProvider]

Returns **ColorSchemeName** the current color scheme

## BpkAppearanceConsumer

-   **See: [https://reactjs.org/docs/render-props.html][32]**

A render prop component that provides the current BpkAppearance
as provided by the nearest [BpkAppearanceProvider].

NOTE: This component should mainly be used in class components, for
functional components we recommend using the provided hooks.

### Parameters

-   `children` **[Function][33]** Function that will receive the current appearance and should return a react Node.
    -   `children.children`

### Examples

```javascript
<BpkAppearanceConsumer>
  {({ bpkAppearance }) => {
   const logo = unpackDynamicValue({ light: 'light.png', dark: 'dark.png' }, bpkAppearance);
   return <BpkImage style={styles.image} alt="image title" source={{uri: logo}} />
  }}
</BpkAppearanceConsumer>
```

Returns **[Node][34]** a react Node.

## withBpkAppearance

This HOC wraps a component and provides the current `BpkAppearancePreferences`
as provided by the nearest `BpkAppearanceProvider`.

NOTE: If you are using a functional component use one of the provided hooks instead.

### Parameters

-   `Component` **Component** the component to be wrapped

### Examples

```javascript
import React, { type Config } from 'react';
import { type WithBpkAppearanceInjectedProps, withBpkAppearance } from '../../bpk-appearance';

class MyComponent extends Component<Props & WithBpkAppearanceInjectedProps> {
 render() {
   const { bpkAppearance, ...rest } = this.props;
   ....
 }
}

export default withBpkAppearance<Config<Props, DefaultProps>>(MyComponent);
```

Returns **Component** the wrapped component with an extra `bpkAppearance` prop.

## useBpkDynamicValue

Takes in a `BpkDynamicValue` and returns the correct value for the
current color scheme as provided by the nearest [BpkAppearanceProvider]

### Parameters

-   `value` **[Object][31]** a dynamic value.

### Examples

```javascript
const color = useBpkDynamicValue({ light: 'black', dark: 'white' })
```

Returns **mixed** the value for the current color scheme.
                 If `value` is not a valid dynamic value it will be returned back

## unpackBpkDynamicStyle

Takes in a style object and returns the correct value for all properties,
based on the current color scheme as provided by the nearest [BpkAppearanceProvider]

### Parameters

-   `style` **[Object][31]** the style object
-   `appearance` **[Object][31]** the appearance preferences.

### Examples

```javascript
const style = unpackBpkDynamicStyle(
 {
   color: { light: 'black', dark: 'white' },
   flex: 1,
 },
 appearance
);
```

Returns **[Object][31]** object with mapped properties for the current color scheme

## useBpkDynamicStyle

Takes in a style object and returns the correct value for all properties,
based on the current color scheme as provided by the nearest [BpkAppearanceProvider]

### Parameters

-   `style` **[Object][31]** the style object

### Examples

```javascript
const color = useBpkDynamicStyle({
 color: { light: 'black', dark: 'white' },
 flex: 1,
});
```

Returns **[Object][31]** object with mapped properties for the current color scheme

## useBpkDynamicStyleSheet

Takes in a `BpkDynamicStyleSheet` and returns the correct value for
the current color scheme as provided by the nearest [BpkAppearanceProvider]

### Parameters

-   `style` **BpkDynamicStyle** the dynamic stylesheet

### Examples

```javascript
const dynamicStyles = BpkDynamicStyleSheet.create({
 color: { light: 'black', dark: 'white' },
 flex: 1,
})
const styles = useBpkDynamicStyleSheet(dynamicStyles);
```

Returns **BpkDynamicStyleProp** the current stylesheet

## create

Creates a new dynamic stylesheet that transforms all `BpkDynamicValues` into
a plain `StyleSheet` for each color scheme.

This should generally be used in conjunction with `useBpkDynamicStyleSheet` hook.

### Parameters

-   `obj` **[Object][31]** a style containing dynamic values

### Examples

```javascript
BpkDynamicStyleSheet.create({
  view: {
    shadowColor: { light: '#fff', dark: '#ff0' },
  }
});
```

```javascript
BpkDynamicStyleSheet.create({
  view: {
    light: {
      borderWidth: 1,
      borderColor: '#d6d7da',
    },
    dark: {
      backgroundColor: 'rgb(205, 205, 215)'
    },
  }
});
```

Returns **BpkDynamicStyle** an object containing a plain stylesheet for each color scheme.

[1]: #bpkdynamicstylesheet

[2]: #isbpkdynamicvalue

[3]: #parameters

[4]: #usebpkappearance

[5]: #unpackbpkdynamicvalue

[6]: #parameters-1

[7]: #examples

[8]: #usebpkcolorscheme

[9]: #bpkappearanceconsumer

[10]: #parameters-2

[11]: #examples-1

[12]: #withbpkappearance

[13]: #parameters-3

[14]: #examples-2

[15]: #usebpkdynamicvalue

[16]: #parameters-4

[17]: #examples-3

[18]: #unpackbpkdynamicstyle

[19]: #parameters-5

[20]: #examples-4

[21]: #usebpkdynamicstyle

[22]: #parameters-6

[23]: #examples-5

[24]: #usebpkdynamicstylesheet

[25]: #parameters-7

[26]: #examples-6

[27]: #create

[28]: #parameters-8

[29]: #examples-7

[30]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[31]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[32]: https://reactjs.org/docs/render-props.html

[33]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function

[34]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/Node/nextSibling
