
# Reference

## Props

### `androidFooterView`

| Type | Required | Default |
| ---- | -------- | ------- |
| Object | false | `undefined` |

### `colorBuckets`

| Type | Required | Default |
| ---- | -------- | ------- |
| Array | false | `undefined` |

### `disabledDates`

| Type | Required | Default |
| ---- | -------- | ------- |
| shape | false | `null` |

### `locale`

| Type | Required |
| ---- | -------- |
| String | true | `` |

### `maxDate`

| Type | Required | Default |
| ---- | -------- | ------- |
| datePropType (custom validator) | false | `null` |

### `minDate`

| Type | Required | Default |
| ---- | -------- | ------- |
| datePropType (custom validator) | false | `null` |

### `onChangeSelectedDates`

| Type | Required | Default |
| ---- | -------- | ------- |
| Function | false | `null` |

### `selectedDates`

| Type | Required | Default |
| ---- | -------- | ------- |
| selectedDatesPropType (custom validator) | false | `[]` |

### `selectionType`

| Type | Required | Default |
| ---- | -------- | ------- |
| enum(&quot;single&quot;,&quot;range&quot;,&quot;multiple&quot;) | false | `'single'` |

### `style`

| Type | Required | Default |
| ---- | -------- | ------- |
| style object | false | `null` |


## Api

<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [DateMatchers][1]
    -   [range][2]
        -   [Parameters][3]
        -   [Examples][4]
    -   [after][5]
        -   [Parameters][6]
        -   [Examples][7]
    -   [before][8]
        -   [Parameters][9]
        -   [Examples][10]
    -   [any][11]
        -   [Parameters][12]
        -   [Examples][13]
-   [colorBucket][14]
    -   [Parameters][15]
    -   [Examples][16]
-   [highlightedDaysFooterView][17]
    -   [Parameters][18]
-   [colorBucketNegative][19]
    -   [Parameters][20]
-   [colorBucketNeutral][21]
    -   [Parameters][22]
-   [colorBucketPositive][23]
    -   [Parameters][24]
-   [colorBucketHighlight][25]
    -   [Parameters][26]

## DateMatchers

### range

Creates a range matcher to be used in `BpkCalendar`.

A range matcher will match any date in between start and end date, inclusive.

#### Parameters

-   `firstDate` **([Date][27] \| [Number][28])** the range start
-   `endDate` **([Date][27] \| [Number][28])** the range end

#### Examples

```javascript
<BpkCalendar
 disabledDates={DateMatchers.range(start, end)}
/>
```

Returns **DateMatcher** a range date matcher.

### after

Creates an after matcher to be used in `BpkCalendar`.

An after matcher will match all dates after the provided date.

#### Parameters

-   `date` **([Date][27] \| [Number][28])** the date to match.

#### Examples

```javascript
<BpkCalendar
 disabledDates={DateMatchers.after(date)}
/>
```

Returns **DateMatcher** an after date matcher.

### before

Creates a before matcher to be used in `BpkCalendar`.

A before matcher will match all dates before the provided date.

#### Parameters

-   `date` **([Date][27] \| [Number][28])** the date to match.

#### Examples

```javascript
<BpkCalendar
 disabledDates={DateMatchers.before(date)}
/>
```

Returns **DateMatcher** an before date matcher.

### any

Creates an any matcher to be used in `BpkCalendar`.

An any matcher will match if the date is equal to any of the dates provided.

#### Parameters

-   `dates` **...([Date][27] \| [Number][28])** the list of dates to match.

#### Examples

```javascript
<BpkCalendar
 disabledDates={DateMatchers.any(...listOfDates)}
/>
```

Returns **DateMatcher** an any date matcher.

## colorBucket

Creates a new color bucket to be used in BpkCalendar.

A color bucket is used to define custom colours for calendar days.

NOTE: Your are responsible for ensuring multiple color buckets don't
overlap, in case they do the last one applied (last in the list) will
take precedence.

### Parameters

-   `color` **[string][29]** The background color
-   `days` **DateMatcher** The days in this bucket
-   `textStyle` **TextStyle?** The text style. Valid values are `light` or `dark`.
       Changes how the text looks based on the background color, where light or dark refers
       to the background colour. (optional, default `undefined`)

### Examples

```javascript
<BpkCalendar
 colorBuckets={[
   colorBucket(colorPanjin, DateMatchers.range(startOfSummer, endOfSummer)),
   colorBucket(colorSagano, DateMatchers.after(endOfSummer))
 ]}
/>
```

Returns **ColorBucket** A new color bucket

## highlightedDaysFooterView

Creates a footer view to show a list of highlighted days.

**NOTE: This is an Android only feature.**

### Parameters

-   `viewDef` **[Object][30]** the view definition.

Returns **[Object][30]** a footer view.

## colorBucketNegative

A negative cell style which is suitable to indicate for example
a date which has a comparatively high price among the dates in
the calendar.

### Parameters

-   `days` **DateMatcher** The days in this bucket

Returns **ColorBucket** the negative bucket

## colorBucketNeutral

A neutral cell style which is suitable to indicate for example
a date which has a comparatively average price among the dates in
the calendar.

### Parameters

-   `days` **DateMatcher** The days in this bucket

Returns **ColorBucket** the neutral bucket

## colorBucketPositive

A positive cell style which is suitable to indicate for example
a date which has a comparatively low price among the dates in
the calendar.

### Parameters

-   `days` **DateMatcher** The days in this bucket

Returns **ColorBucket** the positive bucket

## colorBucketHighlight

A cell style which is suitable to indicate a highlighted day, e.g. a holiday.
Use this in conjunction with `highlightedDaysFooterView` to
show a footer with the list of highlighted days for a month.

**NOTE: This is an Android only feature.**

### Parameters

-   `days` **DateMatcher** The days in this bucket

Returns **ColorBucket** the highlighted bucket

[1]: #datematchers

[2]: #range

[3]: #parameters

[4]: #examples

[5]: #after

[6]: #parameters-1

[7]: #examples-1

[8]: #before

[9]: #parameters-2

[10]: #examples-2

[11]: #any

[12]: #parameters-3

[13]: #examples-3

[14]: #colorbucket

[15]: #parameters-4

[16]: #examples-4

[17]: #highlighteddaysfooterview

[18]: #parameters-5

[19]: #colorbucketnegative

[20]: #parameters-6

[21]: #colorbucketneutral

[22]: #parameters-7

[23]: #colorbucketpositive

[24]: #parameters-8

[25]: #colorbuckethighlight

[26]: #parameters-9

[27]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Date

[28]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number

[29]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[30]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object
